Build tools extended with the ability to pass the globals parameter. (#981)
ckeditor/ckeditor5-dev: packages/ckeditor5-dev-build-tools/README.md

This option is required if the `browser' option is enabled.

#### `globals` / `--globals=[moduleID:Global]`

**Type:** `{ [ name: string ]: string } | ( ( name: string ) => string )` | `string[]`

**Default value:** `{}`

> A list of pairs necessary for external imports in `umd` bundles.
> 
> The list of `globals` already contains `ckeditor5` and `ckeditor5-premium-features` which are mapped to `CKEDITOR` and `CKEDITOR_PREMIUM_FEATURES`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pairs of external package names and associated global variables used in the `umd` build.

The list already contains `ckeditor5` and `ckeditor5-premium-features` which are mapped to `CKEDITOR` and `CKEDITOR_PREMIUM_FEATURES`.
```
